Add STAN_NO_RANGE_CHECKS docs (#365)
stan-dev/docs: src/cmdstan-guide/compiling_stan_programs.Rmd

CXXFLAGS = -O2
```

A recommend a set of `CXXFLAGS` and `LDFLAGS` flags can be turned on by setting `STAN_CPP_OPTIMS=true`
in the `make/local` file. These are tested compiler and link-time optimizations that can speed up execution
of certain models. We have observed speedups up to 15 percent, but this depends on the model, operating system 
and hardware used. The use of these flags does considerably slow down compilation, so they are not used by default.

### Optimizing by ignoring range checks

When assigning or reading from with vectors, row_vectors, matrices or arrays using indexing, Stan performs cheks that

> a supplied index is valid (not out of range). This additional check avoids segmentation faults and other runtime errors 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a supplied index is valid (not out of range). These check avoids segmentation faults and other runtime errors 
```

that can be difficult to debug. 

For some models these checks can represent a significant part of the models execution time. By setting the

> `STAN_NO_RANGE_CHECKS=true` makefile flag in the `make/local` file the range checks can be ignored at compile time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`STAN_NO_RANGE_CHECKS=true` makefile flag in the `make/local` file the range checks can be removed.
```

> We advise using this flag with caution and once the indexing has been validated. In case of any unexpected behaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We advise using this flag with caution (only once the indexing has been validated). In case of any unexpected behavior
```
